Update README.md to provide installation guide for mac / linux users (#322)
drahnr/cargo-spellcheck: README.md

The `--locked` flag is the preferred way of installing to get the tested set of
dependencies.

> in Mac, you'd need to ensure that `libclang.dylib` can be found by the linker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on OS X, you need to ensure that `libclang.dylib` can be found by the linker
```

> 
> This can be achieved by setting the environment variable:
> 
> ```
> DYLD_FALLBACK_LIBRARY_PATH
> ``` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
```

> Run the following command before installing the crate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which can be achieved by setting `DYLB_FALLBACK_LIBRARY_PATH`:
```
